. Import as much as possible of the 2011 hunt database (esp including
  chat logs) in order to stress test meteor scaling.
  - step 1 is probably to import into an arbitrary JSON format, then
  - step 2 is to read the JSON to populate the meteor db
. Better design for main blackboard page
  x fix layout of "last update", "last chat"
  x fix the bootstrap "affix" component, which isn't properly tracking
    main page scroll position
  x fix tag layout; compress per-puzzle tags a lot
  - make table cells have consistent widths from round to round
    (use spanX or fixed width blocks instead of tables?)
  - continue to make blackboard more compact, so we can see more of the hunt
    at once
  x add 'mute' and 'admin' buttons to top header.  (admin should enable
    editing functionality, as well as the ensureNick template)
  x also display current nick (if any) in top header, allow logout/switching
  x add 'edit' links or buttons or somesuch to add new round/puzzle/tag
    (only visible when in 'admin mode')
  - separate "zoomed out" view where puzzles are a big color-coded grid,
    and you can easily see which puzzles are not solved?
  x option to reverse-sort the rounds so that recently-added stuff appears
    at the top.
  x display rXpY info for each puzzle in a subtle manner (tooltip?)
. Design puzzle information page
  - chat log at top, google drive at bottom, links to full-screen these
  x display rXpY info (subtly) just in case things go pear-shaped
. Design round information page
  - like puzzle info page?
  x display rXmeta info (subtly) just in case things go pear-shaped
x Implement full-window chat screen (port InstaChat), link from blackboard
. Implement paginated chat log archive page
  - and truncate full-window log at the same time
. Implement paginated database operation log page, link from blackboard
- Implement 'nick' page, edit real name, set tags, set picture?
x Improve the 'ensureNick' modal, do nick completion and allow display
  and (optional) setting full name associated with nick; this will help
  disambiguate if you accidentally choose the same nick as someone else.
. Finish implementing functionality of spec.txt in lib/model.coffee
  x carefully implement puzzle/round reordering functions, use
    MongoDB findAndModify() operation to avoid race conditions when
    rewriting reordered array
     (http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/tutorial/isolate-sequence-of-operations/)
  x add unique indexes to ensure nicks/rounds/etc are unique
     (http://docs.mongodb.org/manual/core/indexes/#index-type-unique
  x add logging operation so that we can show the "last N operations"
. Hook up google drive to newPuzzle/renamePuzzle/delPuzzle in the model
  - google drive operations should happen on server only, not in client
    stuff (test Meteor.isServer()) -- and be careful, since 'drive' field
    will probably not be set immediately in client.  Make sure we cleanly
    handle that case.
x Hook up Instachat code
  x use puzzle/round ids as room names, so we don't have to rename them?
x Add schema for database operation logging
  x tweak schema to allow condensing N "added puzzle X" messages into
    single update line
. use puzzle/round name instead of id in url
  - automatically do a Router.navigate() if name changes
x Smooth relative scrolling when clicking on sidebar links, perhaps using
  jquery's $.localScroll()
x Play audio on the local machine when a puzzle is solved or a new puzzle
  is added.  (Any other events?  We don't want to make it too spammy, but
  getting an answer correct is a time everyone in the room will be cheering
  out loud anyway.)
x add mute button to front page (use instachat's button/cookie?)
  don't know exactly where it goes in the UI
- chat improvements:
  x /me commands (probably needs an 'action' boolean added to the schema)
  - /play {trombone, rimshot, crickets}, maybe using the below:
  x URL parsing (ie, links to images display them, links to sounds play them)
    (i think hubot-scripts uses some functionality like this)
  - file upload via the google drive folder attached to the puzzle/round
  - nick completion (@foo?)
  - show who's in the room
  - add "last updates" notification bar?
  - link nicks in log to popover of nick info, including picture?
- chatbot (based on hubot?) [talk to cjb]
- IRC or Jabber gateway
x fix round/puzzle ordering bug in blackboard
- fix smooth scrolling leak
x add rXpY numbering
x appropriately link puzzle/round names appearing in the update log.
  x add general 'link' helper which takes a type/id and generates the
    proper URL (type='nicks', type='puzzles', type='rounds', etc)
    (use all-names to get link text and type from id?)
x add 'all-names' subscription which merges names from puzzles/rounds/groups
  x fix chat room title breakage introduced w/ recent pub/sub refactor.
- always subscribe to all-rounds, all-groups?
  (pro: slightly faster blackboard loading, con: greater bw, harder debugging)
x add 'foreground uuid' field to presence, and only set foreground=false
  if current app's uuid matched foreground uuid.  this prevents bouncing
  if user has one tab in foreground and one in background
  (if foreground=true in update, unilaterally set foreground uuid as well)
x strip unnecessary fields from presence publication to limit updates
  (ie, timestamp, foreground uuid, etc)
x make nick modal universal
x make navbar universal.
  - suppress group chat iff we're on group chat page
x switch to button bar for edit/protect.  clicking on username (always a
  button) brings up nick modal and allows editing full name, etc.
x refactor some subscriptions to being done in template create/destroy
  ie, nick modal should subscribe to Nicks for completion, etc;
  oplog header should subscribe to recent oplogs,
  chat header should take care of its own subscription to recent-messages, etc.
x fix chat presence breakage on main page (maybe related to pub/sub refactor)
- combine multiple consecutive chat bubbles from same sender
- combine multiple consecutive system messages
- newline support in chat
  - shift-return or paste in the new message box should turn it into a
    text box
  - when displaying messages, replace \n with <br>
- private messages?
  - 'pm' field in messages collection; only people whose nicks match
    the pm field get those messages
  - codexbot's help should be a pm
  - /msg support?
- completion of nicks in the message compose box
- mouseover images should also scroll up if necessary
- DDP unset support (if unset leaves an empty object, remove the object)
- when deleting round/round groups, add the contained rounds/puzzles to a new
  'unnamed' group/round?
x move puzzles up/down
